Bump HiveMQ version from 4.6.0 to 4.20.0 (#15)
hivemq/hivemq-azure-cluster-discovery-extension: README.md

![Extension Overview](img/AzureClusterDiscovery.svg)

This HiveMQ extension allows your HiveMQ cluster nodes to discover each other dynamically by regularly exchanging their
information via Azure Blobs in an Azure Blob Storage Container.

HiveMQ instances are added at runtime as soon as they become available by placing their information, on how to connect
to them, to the configured Azure Storage Container.
The extension will regularly check the configured Azure Storage Container for files from other HiveMQ nodes.
Additionally, every broker updates its own file on a regular basis to prevent the file from expiring.

## Installation

* Download the extension from

>   the [HiveMQ Website](https://www.hivemq.com/releases/extensions/hivemq-azure-cluster-discovery-extension-1.0.0.zip) or

Reviewer: I believe latest release is 1.1.0

```suggestion
  the [HiveMQ Website](https://www.hivemq.com/releases/extensions/hivemq-azure-cluster-discovery-extension-1.1.0.zip) or
```

* Modify the `azDiscovery.properties` file for your needs.
* Change the [Discovery Mechanism](https://www.hivemq.com/docs/latest/hivemq/cluster.html#discovery) of HiveMQ
  to `extension`.

## Configuration

The information each node writes into the bucket consists of an ip-address and a port.
The ip-address and port are taken from the `external-address` and `external-port` which is configured in the
cluster `transport` (config.xml).
If they are not set, the `bind-address` and `bind-port` will be used.

The `azDiscovery.properties` can be reloaded during runtime.

### General Configuration

| Config Name              |  Default Value   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------|:----------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | connection&#x2011;string |                  | The required connection string of your Azure Storage Account. See the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/com.hivemq.extensions.azure/storage/common/storage-configure-connection-string) for more information. |

Reviewer: 404 - for this link.

I think it should be:

```suggestion
| connection&#x2011;string |                  | The required connection string of your Azure Storage Account. See the [Azure Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-configure-connection-string) for more information. |
```
